and good to all and welcome to this
new video grand theft auto 'online 6
online but it's not to show you anything
but to warn us that you have created
the third crew is here the killer 3 is
I have not created a flame, I have created a
friend because I know how to create one but
I joined there and I will play with you
both to game to any games
type of games events I will do
supposed private crew games in
which you can join I will invite you to
all in order to take to play gta
online to play with you this
would be the third crew the first and the
second they were full if you had a lot
people were saying that when I was leaving
to create the third good well there it is
I'm sorry I could not do it before
but in holiday status and I was
impossible you can do this kind of
things from where the position was that
I just had a cell phone then just
souvenir you have the link below in the
description if you were already in any of
The other two do not join because I'm going to
play I will continue playing with the three
when he connects me to the play
I'm probably changing the crew
hourly
every half hour depends on the time
play and I'm going to play for an hour
better not change the crew but if it's
one afternoon so I have free and I'll
play a lot of time then play with the
three the same for the events I'm going to
play both with the third the next
event he will be with the third crew
I will also introduce the people later
second and people first I'm not going to
leave abandoned to none of course
I'm going to play with the three of them and nothing said
that if you are not in any of the
write now you have the opportunity to
join you and please put the one of
main by the sign no signs game
invite if I give you invite people the
crew
now you have the principal, the
invitation so I recommend that you
ye principal and anything else
I hope you are going to like the games
do not forget to leave your comment
and greetings and until next time
goodbye